### 1.3.1 (2015-05-02)

#### Fixes

- JSHint was replaced with ESLint and moved to be a preloader again. Originally JSHint was used as a postloader because it doesn't support JSX syntax, but that turned out to create problems because of code generated by Babel. ESLint is configured to use at least the same rules as JSHint did, although it may have many more by default.

## 1.3.0 (2015-05-02)

#### Features

- Automatically add CSS vendor prefixes for Firefox OS 2.0 and up with Autoprefixer (via PostCSS).

#### Fixes

- sanitize.css was causing problems with source maps, so it was removed. A few of its rules were moved into `main.css`.

#### Other

- Added documentation for how to use third-party dependencies.
- Moved the file-loader configuration for the files required by Firefox OS (`manifest.webapp` and the app icons) from `main.js` to `webpack.config.js`.

## 1.2.0 (2015-05-02)

#### Features

- Use babel-loader to automatically transpile ES6 and JSX syntax.
- Automatically resolve files with `.jsx` extension just like `.js` files.

#### Changes

- jshint-loader now runs as a postloader instead of a preloader. JSHint doesn't understand JSX syntax, so that needs to be transpiled before JSHint can run. As a side effect, JSHint will throw an error if a JSX component doesn't have a `React` variable declared.

### 1.1.1 (2015-05-01)

#### Other

- Add missing changelog notes (so meta!).

## 1.1.0 (2015-05-01)

#### Features

- Automatically inject Webpack bundles into the HTML template without needing any template logic, thanks to the new `inject` feature of html-webpack-template.

# 1.0.0 (2015-04-29)

#### Features

- Scaffold a basic Firefox OS packaged app.
